nice that we do today
hamburger and more specifically
cheeseburger and because it's a fast food
I would say we make progress
and as usual because here almost all
ingredients at a glance here just missing
mayonnaise and ketchup is still in the
fridge
Here we have the citizens rolls with
Together these are the bigger ones
Here we have a big onion
Iceberg lettuce add a tomato salt to pepper
season tasty jetta cheese sour
rough and bacon
that was all about ingredients as
First, let's spice up our ground beef
salt and pepper and now we miss
that more ingredients does not come in there
we do not need a roll then need
there are no eggs and now only the salt and
pepper well unite here
the meat it is well mixed and
Now it takes care of the site
Now we continue with the onion
and we stand that way first and foremost
We cut the onion in the middle
through and cut here a nice
city ​​like down
everything is still out here because I want
I love to have a project in it
would also like to roast the onions with it
the sweetness of the onion still
it will tickle out this ring
I completely and that your weapons by gross
chop onions the tour the
plate now we cut the eternal money
borrow and that just like that
Elongated mother has we cut the
tomato must decide
struck I already removed there is
make them outstanding too and now
we are here so beautiful the slices
not that one so thick a wahnsinns
Citizens do not bite their teeth anymore
beautiful sparkle make that he has
then it can be so easy
Small groups were doing so over it
The ingredients are now cut small
and prepared and now we can
even our petties make that is 500
gram
then a good third off
the size can be determined by yourself
what will come in this plate like that
pay attention that the same everywhere
thick and not so big cracks in it
I'm a bit hasty
a little bit happy together
get there
and now very important in the middle of one
trough
that's where all the meat goes
together in the middle and then get
we here
a mossberg and the whole draws then
together really bite in the finger
that's just the impression here
I have to wait that they still
and now that's exactly what he has now
our two pans in view and
of course a bit of oil here
Rhine from here also so that takes already
a piece down with the temperature
the pool for shows
and everyone and give her three
minutes with 7 1 do
we think times due
do not press so it is so prettner
come out and everything else you need
right now there are about 23
minutes I finished we are the way
just the side and now we have to
our rolls a bit
Fry was you enable yes here
in the distance wonderful on the berlin
comes now in a soft crisis on it
all ingredients are ready and now
we can start our citizens too
to build
one side we make ketchup on it
other half regulate and can
of course also mayonnaise on it
alone with the salad
The order is almost irrelevant
do the onion rings here and
uigurs go in
the roasted onions are from the
suckers bow 23 sides tomatoes something
salt
a little bit of pepper comes on it
cheese is really nice melted yet
a nice shit on it and now the
worlds
that's how we look at the finished result
I think he can be seen
Good luck cooking and cooking
of course good appetite until
last video